No theme is perfect if you intend to make changes to your theme, you must never edit the original files.
The reason for not editing the original theme files is that any changes you make will be lost when your
theme is updated.
It's for this reason that we make use of a child theme.
A child theme is a theme that inherits the functionality and looks of the parent theme.
The whole idea of a child theme is that you can modify the parent theme without modifying it directly
to parent.
Theme remains unedited.
Everything is modified using the child.
The IV use different colors to specify different variables when creating a child theme.
Using WP Seelie, we will make use of the WP Scaffold Command.
We then specify child hyphen theme.
The first variable we need to look at is the folder.
That is the folder that will contain the child theme files.
The parent theme.
That is the theme you want to create a child theme from the theme name.
That's the name you want to give to your child theme.
The author you can use your name, the also uniform resource identifier.
That's the you are of the author and the theme you are I.
I normally use my site address.
The commands are all typed in a single line.
The entire command is typed without pressing enter at any stage.
It's a single line.
So I'm going to create a child.
See the command is WP scaffolded child theme.
The folder I want to create to store the child theme files.
I'm going to call my 2017 child the parent theme.
Twenty seventeen.
The Child Theme Name My 2017 child theme.
Please note the apostrophe apostrophe my space.
The minute you have a space inside, one of the options enclose it in apostrophes.
The author.
My name Andrew.
If I was going to leave a space and add my surname, I would enclose my name and surname into apostrophes.
The author you are I.
That is the author's site address.
The theme you are I.
I normally use the site address.
I'm currently in my sites.
Public HTML Directory.
A listing of the WP Content Theme's directory displays 2015 16 and 17.
My Command to create a child theme.
WP Scaffolded Child.
See the folder I would like to create to store the child scene files.
My 2017 Child The Parent Theme Twenty seventeen.
The Child Theme Name Enclosed in Apostrophes My 2017 Child Theme Author Andrew Author.
You are I my site address the theme.
You are I my site address.
Success created, it's giving you the path to the folder and listing of WP content themes will display
my 2017 child if I change to the My 2017 child directory listing will display functions and styles dot
cyesis.
If I open the dashboard appearance themes, there is my 2017 child theme.
You will notice it does not have an image.
Let's go back to terminal.
I'm still in my 2017 child directory.
I'm going to go back one level to 2017.
Sepi, I want to copy the file.
I want to copy is screenshot dot PMG.
Where do I want to paste it.
Double period.
Slash back one level.
My 2017 child we have copied screenshot that he engy to our child team directory.
My 2017 child theme now has an image.